DOCSP-36189 Add custom error handling for triggers with AWS EventBridge (#674)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/triggers/aws-eventbridge.txt

MongoDB offers an `AWS Eventbridge
<https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/>`_ partner event source that lets
you send Atlas Trigger events to an event bus instead of
calling an Atlas Function. You can configure any Trigger type to send events to
EventBridge. Database Triggers also support custom error handling,
to reduce trigger suspensions due to non-critical errors. 

All you need to send Trigger events to EventBridge is an AWS account ID.

> This guide walks through finding your account ID, configuring the

Reviewer: do we want to mention the creating a custom error handler at the end of this list of things that this guide walks you through?

            :guilabel:`EventBridge` event type.

            Paste in the :guilabel:`AWS Account ID` that you copied from
            EventBridge and select an :guilabel:`AWS Region` to send the trigger events
            to.

>             Optionally, you can configure an error function for custom error handling.

Reviewer: this should match what you have for the CLI tab

> Optionally, you can configure a function for handling trigger errors. Custom error handling is only valid for database triggers. For more details, refer to the :ref:`Custom Error Handling <eventbridge_error_handling>` section on this page.

            
            To enable Extended JSON, set the ``extended_json_enabled`` field to ``true``.

>             Optionally, you can configure an error function for custom error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           Optionally, you can configure a function for handling trigger errors. Custom error handling is only valid for database-type triggers.
```

                     }
                  }
               }

      To learn how to update your app with this new configuration, see
      :ref:`Update an App <deploy-cli>`.

Error Codes
~~~~~~~~~~~

If an error was recevied from EventBridge, the event processor will parse the 
error as either ``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE`` or ``OTHER``. This parsed error is passed
to the error handle function. 

``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE``
``````````````````````
If the put entry for an EventBridge trigger event is larger
than 256 KB, Eventbridge will throw an error. The error will either contain:

1.  `status code: 400 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400>`_ and 
``total size of the entries in the request is over the limit``.

2. `status code: 413 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/413>`_, 
which indicates a too large payload. 

``OTHER``
`````````
The default bucket for all other errors.

Error Logs
~~~~~~~~~~

You can view error logs for your Event Bridge Trigger error handler in the 
application logs. 

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      1. Click ``Logs`` in the left navigation of the App Services UI.

>       2. Click the :guilabel:`Filter by Type` dropdown and select

Author: Weird, unindented formatting here I'm looking into.

      rules that trigger on events from that partner event source. For more
      information, see :aws-docs:`Creating a Rule That Triggers on a SaaS Partner Event </eventbridge/latest/userguide/create-rule-partner-events.html>`.

.. _eventbridge_error_handling:

Custom Error Handling
---------------------

.. note:: Custom Error Handling Does Not Support Authentication and Scheduled Triggers

   Custom error handling supports only database triggers. 
   Authentication triggers and scheduled triggers are not supported. 

.. figure:: /images/eventbridge-error-handling-diagram.png
   :alt: EventBridge Custom Error Handling Flow Diagram.

You can create an error function to be executed on a trigger failure, 

> when retry does not succeed. Custom error handling allows you to determine

Reviewer: how exactly are the number of retries defined for the trigger?

Author: will ask Taylor.

Reviewer: was mostly curious; it's not vital for these doc updates, I don't think

Author: @tcannon91 Anything about retries you think would be helpful to include?

Reviewer 2: I think this is more of an internal thing. We have retries but I am not sure if we want to advertise the number of retries because it is subject to change. Currently it is configured to retry 10 times

Author: Will leave out then, thanks!

> whether an error from AWS EventBridge is critical enough to suspend the Trigger,

Author: Linked! Will ask Taylor about whether auto retry is best course.

> whether an error from AWS EventBridge is critical enough to suspend the Trigger,

Reviewer: again, not a blocker for this PR

> whether an error from AWS EventBridge is critical enough to suspend the Trigger,

Author: @tcannon91 Would including recommendations for auto retry be helpful?

> whether an error from AWS EventBridge is critical enough to suspend the Trigger,

Reviewer 2: While auto-retry could potentially be applicable, it seems unlikely. I think if we just link to the trigger suspensions details if a user somehow gets in the situation where autorestarts would be helpful then they will know what they are looking for. Notably, they are _not_ related to the kinds of errors that the error handler and so not directly related.

or if it is acceptable to ignore the error and continue processing other events.

Create a New Custom Error Function
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      .. figure:: /images/eventbridge-custom-function.png

>          :alt: The EventBridge custom error handling configuration.

Author: This is an image of the UI?

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create a New Error Handling Function

            In the :guilabel:`Configure Error Function` section, select 
            :guilabel:`+ New Function`.

         .. step:: Name the New Function

            Enter a unique, identifying name for the function in the :guilabel:`Name` field. 
            This name must be distinct from all other functions in the application.

         .. step:: Write the Function Code

            In the :guilabel:`Function` section, write the function in the function editor.
            In the function editor, you will see a default function. You can edit
            the function as needed. 

>          .. step:: Test the Function

Author: The Test Functions page is for unit tests. Think it's a little too broad for this page.

                  console.log(`Collection: ${changeEvent.ns.coll}`);
                  console.log(`Operation type: ${changeEvent.operationType}`);

                  // Throw an error in your function to suspend the trigger and stop processing additional events
                  throw new Error(`Encountered error: ${error.message}`);
               };

         .. step:: Add the Function to the ``config.json``

            Add the function's configuration to the ``Function`` folder's 
            ``config.json`` file. The file should resemble the following:

            .. code-block:: json

               [
                  {
                     "name": "<Error Handler Function Name>",
                     "private": <boolean>
                  }
               ]

            For more information on function configuration files, 
            see :ref:`Function Configuration Files <appconfig-functions>`.

         .. step:: Add an Error Handler to Your Trigger Configuration

            Add an ``error_handler`` attribute to your trigger configuration file
            in the ``Triggers`` folder. The trigger configuration file should 
            resemble the following:

>             .. code-block:: json

Author: Everything in the curly brackets need to be added, don't think highlighting is neccessary

                                 "extended_json_enabled": <boolean>
                              }
                           }
                        },
                        "error_handler": {
                           "config": {
                              "enabled": <boolean>,
                              "function_name": "<Error Handler Function Name>"
                           }
                        }
                     }
            
            For more information on trigger configuration files, see
            :ref:`Trigger Configuration Files <appconfig-triggers>`.

.. _eventbridge-error-handler-parameters:

Error Handler Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The default error handler has two parameters: ``error`` and ``changeEvent``.

``error`` 
`````````
Has two attributes: ``code`` and ``message``.

- ``code``: For a list of error codes 
used by the error handler, see the below section on :ref:`Error 
Codes <eventbridge-error-codes>`. 

- ``message``: The unfiltered error message from an errored Eventbridge
put request.

``changeEvent``
```````````````

The requested change to your data made by EventBridge. For more information

> on types of change events and their configurations, see 

Reviewer: would it be more helpful to link to the Database Triggers page's [Change Event Types section](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/triggers/database-triggers/#change-event-types)? or are they different for EventBridge events?

:manual:`Change Events </reference/change-events>`.

.. _eventbridge-error-codes:

> Error Codes

Reviewer: need to fix the formatting in this section

~~~~~~~~~~~

If an error was recevied from EventBridge, the event processor will parse the 
error as either ``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE`` or ``OTHER``. This parsed error is passed

> to the error handle function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the error handler function through the ``error`` parameter. 
```

``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE``
``````````````````````
If the put entry for an EventBridge trigger event is larger

> than 256 KB, Eventbridge will throw an error. The error will either contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than 256 KB, EventBridge will throw an error. The error will contain either:
```

> 1.  `status code: 400 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400>`_ and 

Reviewer: this isn't the correct number list formatting - need to fix

Author: What is the correct format?

``total size of the entries in the request is over the limit``.

2. `status code: 413 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/413>`_, 

> which indicates a too large payload. 

Reviewer: there isn't a corresponding message like the above status code?

Author: found this message in the spec, but can't find anything online. Will ask Taylor

Author: @tcannon91 Is there a resource online from AWS or otherwise about this error message that I can link? Found this error message in the spec doc.

Reviewer 2: No, there isn't a consistent message in the response from aws when we get a 413 status code -- there might not be any specific error, just a status code.

I think it is fine to have this documentation but it might be worth calling out that we are trying to use the error code to abstract this information away from users -- like this list could shift slightly or if there are additional errors that AWS introduces/starts returning that are just variations on document too large errors. I only bring it up in case we are concerned with this list getting stale. But it is accurate for what we are using/checking today and it isn't secret information so no issues with it being in the docs :)

``OTHER``
`````````
The default bucket for all other errors.

> Error Handler Logs

Reviewer: we should link out to the new error handler logs page when it's available

Author: TODO

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can view error logs for your Event Bridge Trigger error handler in the 
application logs. 

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      1. Click ``Logs`` in the left navigation of the App Services UI.
      2. Click the :guilabel:`Filter by Type` dropdown and select
      :guilabel:`Error Handlers` to view logs for the Trigger error handler.

   .. tab::
      :tabid: cli

>       Use the ``error_handler`` ``--type`` flag to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Use the ``--type=error_handler`` flag to 
```

      view logs for the Trigger error handler.

      .. code-block:: shell
         
         {+cli-bin+} logs list --type=error_handler

To learn more about viewing application logs,
see :ref:`View Application Logs <view-logs>`.

Optimization
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> By keeping track of the most common error messages you receive in ``error.message``,

Reviewer: I think it's more that the recommendation is to track all of the error messages received, then make the special cases for the most common ones. 
Also, what are the different error messages that can be received? is this referring to optimizing all of the myriad messages thrown in the `OTHER` error bucket?

Author: Updated copy. Will ask Taylor about including list of common error messages.

         .. step:: Name the New Function

            Enter a unique, identifying name for the function in the :guilabel:`Name` field. 
            This name must be distinct from all other functions in the application.

         .. step:: Write the Function Code

            In the :guilabel:`Function` section, write the function in the function editor.
            In the function editor, you will see a default function. You can edit
            the function as needed. 

         .. step:: Test the Function

            In the :guilabel:`Testing Console` tab beneath the function editor, you can
            test the function by passing in example values to the ``error`` and 
            ``changeEvent`` parameters, as shown in the comments of the testing console. 

            For more information on these paramaters, refer to the 
            :ref:`Error Handler Parameters <eventbridge-error-handler-parameters>`
            section on this page.

            Click :guilabel:`Run` to run the test. 

         .. step:: Save the Function

            Once you are satisfied with the custom error handler, click
            :guilabel:`Save`. 

   .. tab::
      :tabid: cli

>       In order to update your trigger's configuration with an error handler, 

Reviewer: I really don't think this is necessary. if we are providing this info, then it seems more appropriate to be in the above section's CLI procedure (step 2), not here

Author: I like the structure as is. For users wanting to add an error handler to a pre-existing trigger, separating the procedures makes the most sense for them, so they don't have to read through the configure a new trigger material. Did slight reword to make following procedure less clunky.

      follow these steps to :ref:`Update an App  <deploy-cli>`. When you
      reach Step 3: Update Your Application, do the following:

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Write the Error Handler

            Follow the steps in :ref:`Define a Function <define-a-function>` 
            to write your error handler source code and configuration file. 

>             For the error handler source code, see the following template error handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            For an example, see the following template error handler:
```

Author: "source code" is terminology used on the [functions](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/functions/#define-a-function) page to differentiate between the config and actual function code.

               :emphasize-lines: 13-18

                     {
                     "name": "...",
                     "type": "...",
                     "event_processors": {
                        "AWS_EVENTBRIDGE": {
                              "config": {
                                 "account_id": "<AWS Account ID>",
                                 "region": "<AWS Region>",
                                 "extended_json_enabled": <boolean>
                              }
                           }
                        },
                        "error_handler": {
                           "config": {
                              "enabled": <boolean>,
                              "function_name": "<Error Handler Function Name>"
                           }
                        }
                     }
            
            For more information on trigger configuration files, see
            :ref:`Trigger Configuration Files <appconfig-triggers>`.

.. _eventbridge-error-handler-parameters:

Error Handler Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The default error handler has two parameters: ``error`` and ``changeEvent``.

``error`` 
`````````

> Has two attributes: ``code`` and ``message``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Has the following two attributes: 
```

> - ``code``: For a list of error codes used by the error handler, see the below section on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``code``: The code for the errored EventBridge put request. For a list of error codes used by the error handler, see the below :ref:`Error Codes <eventbridge-error-codes>` section.
```

>   :ref:`Error Codes <eventbridge-error-codes>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - ``message``: The unfiltered error message from an errored Eventbridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``message``: The unfiltered error message from an errored EventBridge
```

  put request.

``changeEvent``
```````````````

The requested change to your data made by EventBridge. For more information
on types of change events and their configurations, see 
:ref:`Change Event Types <database-events>`.

.. _eventbridge-error-codes:

Error Codes
~~~~~~~~~~~

If an error was recevied from EventBridge, the event processor will parse the 
error as either ``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE`` or ``OTHER``. This parsed error is passed
to the error handler function through the ``error`` parameter. 

``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE``
``````````````````````

> If the put entry for an EventBridge trigger event is larger

Reviewer: do we want to link down to the Performance Optimization section where we tell them how to reduce doc size?

than 256 KB, EventBridge will throw an error. The error will contain either:

> 1. `status code: 400 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400>`_ and ``total size of the entries 

Reviewer: didn't notice on first pass, but this shouldn't be an ordered (number) list 
```suggestion
- `status code: 400 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400>`_ and ``total size of the entries 
```

   in the request is over the limit``.

> 2. `status code: 413 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/413>`_, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status code: 413 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/413>`_, 
```

   which indicates a too large payload. 

``OTHER``
`````````
The default bucket for all other errors.

Error Handler Logs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can view logs for your EventBridge Trigger error handler in the 
application logs. 

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      1. Click ``Logs`` in the left navigation of the App Services UI.

      2. Click the :guilabel:`Filter by Type` dropdown and select

>          :guilabel:`Triggers Error Handlers` to view logs for the Trigger error handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         :guilabel:`Triggers Error Handlers` to view all error handler logs for the App.
```

   .. tab::
      :tabid: cli

>       Use  the ``error_handler`` type on the ``--type`` flag to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Pass  the ``trigger_error_handler`` value to the ``--type`` flag to 
```

>       view logs for the Trigger error handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      view all error handler logs for the App.
```

      .. code-block:: shell
         
         {+cli-bin+} logs list --type=trigger_error_handler

To learn more about viewing application logs,
see :ref:`View Application Logs <view-logs>`.

> Optimization

Reviewer: I still don't think this is a great standalone section. I'd suggest adding it to the Performance Optimization section (similarly to the project expression tip, specify that this tip is only valid for database triggers). Could also be an actual Tip note under the `OTHER` error code entry in above section

~~~~~~~~~~~~

> It is recommended to keep track of the most common error messages you receive 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend keeping track of the most common error messages you receive 
```

in ``error.message``. You can make special error handling cases for 
your most common error messages to optimize your error handling for 
errors with an ``OTHER`` code. 

.. _event_processor_example:

> Example Event

Reviewer: does it make sense to update the example with the new error handler object?

      rules that trigger on events from that partner event source. For more
      information, see :aws-docs:`Creating a Rule That Triggers on a SaaS Partner Event </eventbridge/latest/userguide/create-rule-partner-events.html>`.

.. _eventbridge-error-handling:

Custom Error Handling
---------------------

.. note:: Only Database Triggers Support Custom Error Handlers

   Currently, only database triggers support custom error handling. 
   Authentication triggers and scheduled triggers do not support 
   custom error handling at this time. 

.. figure:: /images/eventbridge-error-handling-diagram.png
   :alt: EventBridge Custom Error Handling Flow Diagram.

You can create an error handler to be executed on a trigger failure, 
when retry does not succeed. Custom error handling allows you to determine
whether an error from AWS EventBridge is critical enough to suspend the Trigger,
or if it is acceptable to ignore the error and continue processing other events.

> For more information on suspended databse triggers, refer to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on suspended database triggers, refer to 
```

:ref:`Suspended Triggers <suspended_triggers>`.

Create a New Custom Error Handler
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can create the new function directly in the Create a Trigger page or at a later time from the Functions tab. For more information on functions and how to define them in App Services, refer to :ref:Functions<...>.
```
to give a bit more context and provide the link out to the Functions docs

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      .. figure:: /images/eventbridge-custom-function.png
         :alt: The EventBridge custom error handling configuration in the UI.

      .. procedure::

         .. step:: Create a New Error Handler

            In the :guilabel:`Configure Error Function` section, select 
            :guilabel:`+ New Function`.

            You can also select an existing Function, if one is already defined,  

>             from the dropdown. For more information, see 

Reviewer: if you do add the intro sentence proposed above, i'd remove the 'for more info...' sentence here

            :ref:`Define a Function <define-a-function>`.

         .. step:: Name the New Function

            Enter a unique, identifying name for the function in the :guilabel:`Name` field. 
            This name must be distinct from all other functions in the application.

         .. step:: Write the Function Code

>             In the :guilabel:`Function` section, write the function in the function editor.

Reviewer: suggested revision to avoid the repetition and provide slightly more info
```suggestion
            In the :guilabel:`Function` section, write the JavaScript code directly in the function editor. The function editor contains a default function that you can edit as needed. For more information on creating functions, refer to the :ref:`Functions <...>` documentation.
```

                  // a DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE error
                  if (error.code === 'DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE') {
                     console.log('Document too large error');

                     // Comment out the line below in order to skip this event and not suspend the Trigger
                     throw new Error(`Encountered error: ${error.code}`);
                  }

                  console.log('Error sending event to EventBridge');
                  console.log(`DB: ${changeEvent.ns.db}`);
                  console.log(`Collection: ${changeEvent.ns.coll}`);
                  console.log(`Operation type: ${changeEvent.operationType}`);

                  // Throw an error in your function to suspend the trigger and stop processing additional events
                  throw new Error(`Encountered error: ${error.message}`);
               };

         .. step:: Add an Error Handler to Your Trigger Configuration

            Add an ``error_handler`` attribute to your trigger configuration file
            in the ``Triggers`` folder. The trigger configuration file should 
            resemble the following:

            .. code-block:: json

>                :emphasize-lines: 13-18

Reviewer: maybe caption this to reiterate it's the trigger config, not the function config
```suggestion
               :emphasize-lines: 13-18
               :caption: <trigger name>.json
```

.. _eventbridge-error-handler-parameters:

Error Handler Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The default error handler has two parameters: ``error`` and ``changeEvent``.

``error`` 
`````````
Has the following two attributes:

- ``code``: The code for the errored EventBridge put request. For a list of 
  error codes used by the error handler, see the below section. 

- ``message``: The unfiltered error message from an errored EventBridge
  put request.

``changeEvent``
```````````````

The requested change to your data made by EventBridge. For more information
on types of change events and their configurations, see 
:ref:`Change Event Types <database-events>`.

.. _eventbridge-error-codes:

Error Codes
~~~~~~~~~~~

If an error was recevied from EventBridge, the event processor will parse the 
error as either ``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE`` or ``OTHER``. This parsed error is passed
to the error handler function through the ``error`` parameter. 

``DOCUMENT_TOO_LARGE``
``````````````````````
If the put entry for an EventBridge trigger event is larger
than 256 KB, EventBridge will throw an error. The error will contain either:

> - `status code: 400 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400>`_ and ``total size of the entries 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status code: 400 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400>`__: ``total size of the entries 
```

   in the request is over the limit``.

> - `status code: 413 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/413>`_, 

Reviewer: both bullet items are formatting oddly. maybe this helps (the 2 underscores)
or maybe it's an indent issue on the lines after the bullet?
```suggestion
- `status code: 413 <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/413>`__, 
```

   which indicates a too large payload. 

For more information on reducing put entry size, see the below :ref:`Performance 
Optimization <send-aws-eventbridge-performance-optimization>` section.

``OTHER``
`````````
The default bucket for all other errors.

.. tip:: Optimize Error Handling for Errors with ``OTHER`` Code

   You can make special error handling cases for 
   your most common error messages to optimize your error handling for 
   errors with an ``OTHER`` code. To determine which errors need 
   special cases, we recommended keeping track of 
   the most common error messages you receive in ``error.message``. 

Error Handler Logs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can view logs for your EventBridge Trigger error handler in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view :ref:`Trigger Error Handler logs <logs-trigger-error-handler>` for your EventBridge Trigger error handler in the 
```
this page is merged now, so this link should be working 🎉

application logs. 

.. tabs-realm-admin-interfaces::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: ui

      1. Click ``Logs`` in the left navigation of the App Services UI.

      2. Click the :guilabel:`Filter by Type` dropdown and select
         :guilabel:`Triggers Error Handlers` to view all error handler 
         logs for the App.

   .. tab::
      :tabid: cli

      Pass the ``trigger_error_handler`` value to the ``--type`` flag to 
      view all error handler logs for the App.

      .. code-block:: shell
         
         {+cli-bin+} logs list --type=trigger_error_handler

   .. tab::
      :tabid: api

>       Retrieve error handler logs via a ``GET`` request to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Retrieve ``TRIGGER_ERROR_HANDLER`` type logs via a ``GET`` request to
```

                     console.log('Document too large error');

                     // Comment out the line below in order to skip this event and not suspend the Trigger
                     throw new Error(`Encountered error: ${error.code}`);
                  }

                  console.log('Error sending event to EventBridge');
                  console.log(`DB: ${changeEvent.ns.db}`);
                  console.log(`Collection: ${changeEvent.ns.coll}`);
                  console.log(`Operation type: ${changeEvent.operationType}`);

                  // Throw an error in your function to suspend the trigger and stop processing additional events
                  throw new Error(`Encountered error: ${error.message}`);
               };

         .. step:: Add an Error Handler to Your Trigger Configuration

            Add an ``error_handler`` attribute to your trigger configuration file
            in the ``Triggers`` folder. The trigger configuration file should 
            resemble the following:

            .. code-block:: json
               :emphasize-lines: 13-18
               :caption: <triggerName>.json

                     {
                     "name": "...",

>                      "type": "...",

Reviewer 2: We can probably prepopulate `DATABASE` here since it is only allowable for DATABASE triggers

                     "event_processors": {
                        "AWS_EVENTBRIDGE": {
                              "config": {
                                 "account_id": "<AWS Account ID>",
                                 "region": "<AWS Region>",
                                 "extended_json_enabled": <boolean>
                              }
                           }
                        },

>                         "error_handler": {

Reviewer 2: I think this indentation level might be off -- it is making the `error_handler` look like it is at the same level as `AWS_EVENTBRIDGE` (and within event_processors) but it should be at the same level as event_processors

            Function <operation/adminCreateFunction>` endpoint.

            .. code-block:: bash

               curl -X POST \
                  https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/functions \
                  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <access_token>' \
                  -d '{
                     "name": "string",
                     "private": true,
                     "source": "string",
                     "run_as_system": true
                     }'      
                     
         .. step:: Create the AWS EventBridge Trigger

            Create the AWS EventBridge Trigger with error handling 
            enabled via a ``POST`` request to the 
            :admin-api-endpoint:`Create a Trigger <operation/
            adminCreateTrigger>` endpoint.

            .. code-block:: bash

               curl -X POST \
                  https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/api/admin/v3.0/groups/{groupId}/apps/{appId}/triggers \
                  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <access_token>' \
                  -d '{
                     "name": "string",
                     "type": "DATABASE",

>                      "config": [

Reviewer 2: `config` should have curly braces rather than square brackets around the data

                        "service_id": "string",
                        "database": "string",
                        "collection": "string",
                        "operation_types": {
                           "string"
                        },
                        "match": ,
                        "full_document": false,
                        "full_document_before_change": false,
                        "unordered": true
                     ],

>                      "event_processors": [

Reviewer 2: `event_processors` should have curly braces rather than square brackets around the data

                        "AWS_EVENTBRIDGE": {
                           "account_id": "string",
                           "region": "string",
                           "extended_json_enabled": false
                        },
                     ],

>                      "error_handler": [

Reviewer 2: `error_handler` should have curly braces rather than square brackets around the data
